Update events.md (#71)
uk-x-gov-software-community/uk-x-gov-software-community.github.io: events.md

Our regular lean coffees meetings are on the 4th Thursday of the month at 11.00-12.00. To get an invite please [join the mailchimp list](https://uk-cross-government-software-engineering-community.mailchimpsites.com/) 

Here are the next meetings for the **Heads of Engineering Special Interest Group**:

* 11 Sept 2024 - Virtual - 1-3pm: "Effective Logging and Observability"
* 23 October 2024 - Virtual - 1-3pm
* 2 Dec 2024 - In Person - Full day - London
* 21 Jan 2025 - Virtual - 1-3pm
* 6 Mar 2025 - In Person - Full day - venue TBC

> If you wish to join this interest group, please contact engineering-excellence@digital.cabinet-office.gov.uk

Reviewer: We have a mailing list for running of the group, please can we use that. I would suggest linking to the SIG page which has the email address for the group managers:

```suggestion
If you wish to join this interest group, please [contact us](/special-interest/#heads-of-engineering) 
```
